welcome to another transformers energon
review this time I'm going to be looking
at Rodimus now I'm just going to be
focusing on the figure itself so i'm not
going to be going over the power link
modes AK the torso and pants fours just
because i always thought those are real
silly never really focused on them that
much and since I'm in a really excited
about the masterpiece Rodman's figure
I'm going to be doing a bunch of Rodimus
figures reviews so I'm just going to be
focusing mainly on the figure here sadly
I don't have the missile launcher handy
I'm sure I have it somewhere I took
spent some time looking for but was
unsuccessful find it so it's going to be
spending all the time just on the figure
itself in Japan and super link he was
named Rodimus convoy and I guess I just
didn't want to name Rodimus Prime in the
US so they just stuck him with Rodimus
and that's why he kind of has the truck
of futuristic space truck mode going on
here it's dead like a sleek hot rod type
vehicle so i just kind of explains the
seas has smokestacks here an aside as
the come spark of combination right
there and another a little simple their
shows what he can combine with any
autobot deluxe eight different colors i
thanked or shapes but yeah this book i
was always a really nice a big fan of
this nice bo come out of focus there you
go it just always look nice i like was
like how the front tire is always so
much bigger than the rear tires here
just gave a big monster look to it even
though it's
a deluxe class figure as these really
cool up which will become his arms here
rocket thrusters I guess when the
batches just gives a real more powerful
with it and his missile launcher have
flame to it so you can attach it right
here if you wanted to so that's about it
for the vehicle narrowed here oh go
ahead and catch over the robot mode hold
this entire set up these four here okay
hold these wings up here goes more like
it skills nothing like a little bit more
but very dead gone I you pull it down
this whole flat separate is here
otays hands around that supposed to spin
around like that thing for that side and
put this bed all the way around and
there he is rottenness in robot mode it
is pretty nice looking it definitely has
its own twist to the rotters character
especially with these pieces come out
like look closely as phase v definitely
see a rotten his prime look to them
possibility is pretty basic but then
just thought everything gets in the way
you can put his arm straight down but is
they even when they are straight down
there just kind of like going out to the
side so it is in his knee guards getting
it away so like I said he has a torso
and pants mode pants motors my social
pants for me it's basically just I
recall basically just this I'm probably
know this but i may do another video
showing combination of them because i
have prepared a little bit more for that
little demonstration but it is kind of
neat but on this i just want to focus on
the video or focus on the figure it's a
fairly nice representation of Rodimus
Prime not too bad it's uh there's some
better ones out there coming out that or
that I've been out so it's a decent it's
definitely Energon ask just the kind of
bulkiness to it the huge huge feet
remove those feet they're retarded huge
so it's not bad not sure if I can really
recommend picking this one up just
because maybe if it's bigger maybe
there's a Voyager Class figure or mega
then of this figure came out then I
would be able to recommend it but really
maybe I think I can really want to
recommend just for rottenness fans
alright until next time they were
watching